It is said that there is a half-hearted scholar who once served as the funeral master of the family surnamed Pan in the next village.
The family gave him a list of filial sons and daughters. (The list is as follows: filial son: Pan Xinke; filial daughter: Chi Pan's surname because he is married; filial grandson: Pan Chazi; filial granddaughter: Pan Feiting)
When the scholar saw the list, he secretly thought that it was not good. Most of the names could not be pronounced, and it was too late to ask in detail.
So the farewell ceremony began, "Fairy Man Fan Jin Dou" (Pan Xinke's reading while reading) (everyone thought it was a somersault)
Xiao Nan thought it was very strange. The customs of the village next door didn't seem to be the same. I saw the scholar say it again: "Xiao Nan Fan Jin Dou"
Xiao Nan had no choice but to come out and do some somersaults. The scholar was secretly surprised that the customs of this village were so strange that the funeral actually required somersaults;
Then the scholar recited: "The filial daughter is also a fan"...(Chi Pan Shi) Because the word shi has no boundaries, the scholar has been thinking about how to pronounce it)
The filial daughter was surprised and said, "Ah, I want to translate it too?" At this time, the scholar finally figured out how to pronounce the word "shi", so she happily said, "shi" (the filial daughter thought the scholar answered "yes")
The filial daughter had no choice but to come out and do some somersaults, and the scholar was even more certain. It turns out that this is the case for funerals in this village! So he continued to chant: "Xiao Sun Fan twice" (Pan Chazi),
The filial granddaughter obediently came out and turned two somersaults. At this time, the last filial granddaughter saw that the more and more she had turned, she quickly stood up from the ground and ran away.
The scholar chased after him and said, "Hey! Don't run, you are the only one left, Fan Buting (Pan Futing)." "Hey, keep scrolling~~~~~~~~~~~~"