An American, a French and a Chinese were walking in the desert.
Walking and walking, I saw a bottle, and after opening the cork, a person floated out,
The man said, "I am a god, and I can grant each of you three wishes!"
The Americans were the first to say, "My first wish is to ask for a lot of money!"
The immortal said: "This is simple, it will satisfy you! Let's talk about your second wish."
The American said, "I want a lot of money!" After the fairy fulfilled his wish,
The American said his third wish: "Take me home." The fairy said, "No problem."
So the Americans returned to the United States with a lot of money~
The fairy asked the French again, and the French said, "I want beautiful women!" The fairy gave him beautiful women.
The French said again, "I want beautiful women!" The gods also satisfied him and gave him beautiful women.
The French finally said, "Send me back to France." After the fairy sent the French back to China, they asked the Chinese what they wanted?

The Chinese say, "Let's have a bottle of Erguotou first!"
The fairy gave it to him. Ask him what is his second wish? The Chinese say: "One more bottle of Erguotou!"
After the wish came out, the fairy asked him what his third wish was?
The Chinese said: "I miss the French and the Americans. Get them all back."

The French and the Americans were very popular, but they had no choice but to keep going.
Walking and walking, I saw a bottle again, and after opening the stopper, another person appeared,
The man said, "I'm the immortal's younger brother just now. My mana is not as strong as his, so I can only fulfill two wishes of each of you."

The French and Americans thought it would be better to let the Chinese speak first, so as not to be brought back by him later. So the Chinese said, "Then let's get a bottle of Erguotou first." The fairy granted his wish.
The French and the Americans urged the Chinese to express their second wish quickly. After the Chinese finished drinking Erguotou, they said to the immortal in a hurry;