A few days ago, a friend said that his son had a fever at around 1:00 in the evening. When he found out that the thermometer wanted to take his son's temperature, he found that the battery of the electronic thermometer was dead, and there was no traditional thermometer at home. Had to go out in a hurry to go to the pharmacy to buy batteries.

When he hurriedly entered the pharmacy, the boss saw his anxious face, and before he could speak, he immediately said, "Yes, yes, yes! Here!"... Holding a box of condoms!
The friend was stunned on the spot, and it took a few seconds to respond and say, "No! I want to buy a thermometer..."
The boss interrupted: "Please! It's too late to take your (basal) body temperature now!"
Friend: "What! Why is it too late?"
Boss: "I'm taking my body temperature when it's already coming to an end, of course it's too late!"
Friend: "But 'he' is hot right now!"
Boss: "Of course! And 'she' is sweating profusely, right?" (smiling expression)
Friend: "Yes yes yes! ...... Then what to do?"
Boss: "It's already at a juncture, it's faster to take medicine!"
Friend (suddenly realized): "Yes! Why didn't I think of it! Do you have medicine?"
Boss: "Of course there is! Otherwise, my pharmacy will open a holiday!"
Friend (thankful, moved): "That's great! Give it to me!" Then the boss turned around and took out a box of "contraceptive pills" in the cabinet!
The friend took the medicine and thanked him repeatedly. When he was about to pay, he found out that it was a "contraceptive pill".
Friend (doubtful): "Does this medicine work?"
Boss (a bit angry and professionally questioned): "Of course it works! You will never have children!"
Friend (finally understood that the two were talking): "No! I want to buy a battery."
Boss (impatient): "Oh! You have so many tricks!" (turning around and taking out AA batteries)
Boss: "This brand should be able to use it!" Friend: "Can this be used?"
Boss (angry again): "There are only those kinds of massage sticks, why can't they be used?"
Friend (crazy): "I'm a child with a fever! I'm going to buy a battery for an electronic thermometer!"