A pair of newlyweds hold a wedding, because the family background is prominent, and there are many dignitaries.
At the wedding banquet, in order to add to the fun, the host suggested a new wine order, and he had to say: "What is pointed, what is thick, what is tens of thousands, what is thousands, what is there? No!" before holding the cup and moving chopsticks. Moreover, the host required that the wine order must have a connection with himself, which made it difficult for everyone.
Everyone at the president's table looked at the president eagerly, and the president was quite happy: "I'll come first."
"The flagpole of the Presidential Palace is pointed, the security wall is thick, there are thousands of officials under my command, and there are thousands of cadres that I have promoted. Is there one person? No!"
When everyone heard it, they applauded in unison and shouted Shengming.
The vice president didn't have a word just now, but after listening to the president's wine order, he immediately thought to himself: "I have a pointy nose and thick earlobes. Did you do one thing? No!"
A party worker surnamed Han sat next to the secretary general of the party. With the encouragement of the secretary general, he stood up on behalf of the party department: "I have a sharp tongue and a thick skin. I have called tens of thousands of times. There are thousands of opponents, is there a truth? No!"
The chief took the lead, and the atmosphere immediately became lively. A public opinion representative who had a criminal record was also unequivocal: "The knife is sharp, the fist is thick, I have taught thousands of white eyes, and I have been involved in countless grievances. , is there anyone who reported the case? No!""
A big boss of a consortium thought that this civilian generation is really a trick: "My gold bars are pointed and the banknotes are thick. There are thousands of accidents in the projects I contracted, and there are thousands of purchase rebates I undertake. Is there anyone who will hold me accountable? No! "
The director of the forestry department also smiled and said, "The sawtooth is sharp and the trunk is thick. I have cut down thousands of trees, and I have sold thousands of timber. Have I ever planted a tree? No!"
The host found that a highly respected old professor didn't say anything, so he encouraged the old professor to come to a paragraph, but he refused, and said a paragraph: "My chalk is sharp, the lecture notes are thick, and I have taught thousands of classes. , I have taught thousands of students, have I done research myself? No!""
A member of the public couldn't hold back any longer, and stepped forward: "My scissors are pointed and the curtains are thick. Anyone who can cut hair? No!"
The host thought to himself, let’s talk about this too, let’s look at me: “The groom’s crotch is pointed and the bride’s upper circumference is thick. I have hosted thousands of weddings, and I have seen thousands of brides. , Is there a wedding night that hurts? No!"