There is a couple playing golf. There are mansions around the stadium.
"You better be careful when you play,"
Husband said, "You can't afford to smash someone's window!"
"I know, I know, don't bother," said the wife.
As soon as the ball flew away, it happened to break a window.
The husband yelled, "Alas! Now we have to go and apologize!"
They walked to the door of the family and knocked on the door, which seemed to have been unoccupied for a long time.
"Come in." A voice suddenly came from the room.
They opened the door and saw broken glass all over the floor, and an antique bottle was broken.
There was a man on the sofa, his clothes were a little worn,
He said, "You are the ones who broke the glass windows?"
"Yes...Yes..." The husband replied, "I'm sorry."
"You don't need to apologize at all,"
The man said:
"I want to thank you guys before it's too late to tell you the truth!
I'm a demon, and I've been locked in that bottle for a thousand years.
Now that you have freed me, I can give each of you one wish and leave one for myself. "
"Excellent!" yelled the husband, "I want three million a year in my lifetime."
"No problem, three million has been deposited into your account."
The wife said, "I want to have a big house all over the world."
"No problem, the house deed has been delivered to you."
The couple were very happy and asked the devil, "What about your wish?"
The devil said to her husband:
"I've been in a bottle for a thousand years and I haven't touched a woman. My wish is to have sex with your wife."
The couple discussed it, and felt that they had everything, and it didn't matter if they gave the devil a little comfort.
The devil took his wife upstairs, and after 300 rounds of battle,
The demon god was tired and lay down on the bed to rest, lit a cigarette and smoked,
Then he turned around and asked the lady, "How old are you all?"
"We're both thirty-five," the lady replied.
The Demon God smiled lazily and said:
"He's thirty-five years old, and he still believes in the existence of demons!"