One day, when the teacher walked into the classroom, the students stood up and shouted, "Good morning, teacher!"
The teacher said angrily: just say good morning? What about my afternoon? Is it bad? "
So the students shouted in unison: Good afternoon, teacher!
The teacher said angrily: what about me at night?
The students shouted in unison: Teacher is good at night!
The teacher nodded and said: This is the way to go, now shout it again!
The students shouted together: Teacher, good morning, good afternoon, and evening!
The teacher said: Sit down! Today we are going to review antonyms, we practice like this,
I say one thing, you say the opposite words out loud. Start now.
Teacher: The weather is fine today.
Student: The weather is very bad today.
Teacher: The sun is shining everywhere.
Student: There are clouds everywhere.
Teacher: The road is crowded with people.
Student: The road is empty.
Teacher: Young.
Student: old.
Teacher: stand up..
Student: Lie down..
Teacher: There is a young man standing on the road.
Student: There is an old man lying down on the road.
Teacher: I found a dollar..
Student: I lost a dollar..
Teacher: I found a dollar and gave it to the teacher.
Student: I lost a dollar to steal the teacher.
Teacher: Wrong, can't say that!
Student: Correct, that should be said!
Teacher: Wrong.
Student: Correct.
Teacher: No, this is illegal!
Student: Yes, it's legal!
Teacher: I said wrong..
Student: We say it right..
Teacher: Listen to the teacher, what the teacher said is correct!
Student: Listen to us, what the teacher said is wrong!
Teacher: You are stupid..
Student: We are smart..
Teacher: Stop!
Student: Go ahead!
Teacher: You stop now! do not talk!
Student: Let's move on now! More to say!
Teacher: You stupid pigs, I say stop!
Student: We are all geniuses, we say go on!
Teacher: You listen to the teacher!
Student: Teacher, listen to us!
Teacher: Students must listen to the teacher!
Student: Teachers have to listen to students!
Teacher: Now you stop practicing!
Student: Now let's move on to practice!
Teacher: Are you finished?
Student: We have a beginning and an end!
Teacher: Then you stop! idiot!
Student: Then we should continue! genius!
...then the teacher walked away angrily, holding the book