One day, a graduate student went to the church to confess. He said to the priest, "Father~ I am guilty~"
The priest replied to him, "My child, everyone in the world has sins. Speak up. As long as you sincerely repent, God will forgive you."
Graduate student: "My boss has been treating me badly,
Often leave me alone to do research in the research room until midnight,
I ran away and fooled around, and one day his wife came to him,
But he wasn't there, and there were only me and my wife in the whole lab.
I started chatting with my wife, and while chatting, my hand was close to hers,
The mouth was close to hers, and she didn't say no, so we just..."
Priest: "Alas~ child, you are guilty, but since you have said it, it doesn't matter, God will forgive you~ Amen"

Graduate student: "Father is more than this one~ Two days later,
The boss's sister also came to look for him, but this time the boss was still not there,
So it was just me and her, and I started to receive her again as usual,
Then we started chatting and having a good time, and then my hand came close to hers again,
The mouth was close to hers again, and she didn't refuse... so we just..."
Father: "Ah~ this is really sinful, but child, don't worry, as long as you pray sincerely, God will forgive your sins, amen~"

Graduate student: "Father~ wait, I haven't finished speaking yet, and two days later,
This time, the boss's mother came. Then my boss was still not there,
And the lab is still just the two of us...
Then the graduate student began to count his cousins, aunts, and sister-in-laws one by one.
, sister, cousin, cousin, sister-in-law, niece...etc.,
The priest also forgives his sins one by one..., but when the graduate student talks about his concubine with the boss...
The priest stopped talking... When the graduate student mentioned that he was in the same research room as the boss's grandmother,
The priest didn't speak at all... At this time, the graduate student raised his head, looked at the confession room, and found that the priest was gone.

Then he ran out of the confession room and said... "Father~ Father~ where have you been? Is my sin too heavy to be forgiven..."
It took him a while to finally find the priest in the church cabinet...;
Graduate student: "Father~ why are you hiding here?"
Priest: "I'm just scared...because it's just me and you, and we've been chatting..."