Once upon a time there was a rich man who was domineering. But it's interesting to say, he can't read a single big character,
But he was most afraid of people saying that he was uneducated, so he pretended to be gentle everywhere. The calligraphy and paintings hanging in his home were signed with his name, but he actually paid someone to write them.
A few days before the Chinese New Year, the rich man planned to show his "knowledge" to his relatives and friends during the Spring Festival.
So I called a private school gentleman in the village and asked him to write Spring Festival couplets on his behalf. Although Mr. Private School is reluctant,
It also had to deal with it, even with a swipe of a pen. Of course, read it to him again.
This is an old couplets:
Increase the sun and the moon and increase the lifespan
Spring is full of heaven and earth, blessings are full of doors
As soon as he finished reciting, the rich man got angry:
"What, what? The sky increases the sun, the moon and the people increase the lifespan. How can everyone increase the lifespan, even the poor boy? You changed it for me."
"How to change?"
"Change to 'Mother's Longevity', my mother's longevity."
Mr. Private School was very angry: "Humph! You are too domineering. Alright! I have to tease you today."
So he said: "Master, to tell you the truth, this couplet is about confrontation, and the last couplet has been changed.
The second couplet has to be changed too, otherwise people will laugh at it. Whoever wrote this is too uneducated. "
"Then you can change, as long as my mother increases her life!"
"Master, it's up to you how to change it!"
The rich man said a little unhappily: "Why are you so long-winded, as long as my mother increases her life, I don't care what you change."
After speaking, he left. He was illiterate, so he knew how to fight. So Mr. Private School picked up the brush and wrote a pair of revised Spring Festival couplets.
On the first day of the new year, relatives and friends who came to the rich man's house to pay homage to the New Year came in and out, and it was very lively. Whoever knows a few words among them,
Seeing the couplet on the door, all of them laughed and hurt their stomachs. It turns out that this revised couplet reads as follows:
The sky increases the sun and the moon increases the longevity
Spring is full of heaven and earth, father is full of doors