Some people wrote to the leaders, hoping to educate the common people through the TV station to avoid being deceived.
The leader forwarded it to the TV station, instructed to run a program, and arranged for liars and experts to PK on the same stage, so that the audience could distinguish who was a liar and who was a real expert.

The first debate is the origin of the universe, liar PK physicist.
Liars talk about Pangu opening up the world, and physicists talk about the Big Bang.
It turned out that elementary school students couldn't tell the difference between a liar and a physicist, and seemed to be more fascinated by myths, but middle school students knew that those myths lied to children.

The second talk about the origin of life, liar PK biologist.
Liars talk about souls and reincarnation, biologists talk about Darwinian evolution.
It turns out that middle school students are more inclined to believe in the story of the reincarnation of the soul, and they ask themselves what their past lives are. Only those with an undergraduate education can understand the truth of evolution.

The third session talks about health and wellness, liars PK medical experts.
It is found that undergraduate education cannot resist the cheating of liars at all, and it is easy for college students to believe that mung bean and eggplant can cure all diseases.
Only the graduate-educated audience was unimpressed, knowing that double-blind experiments were needed to determine efficacy.

The fourth talk about the personality type of people is a liar PK psychology expert.
As a result, postgraduate students can't tell the difference between a liar and a psychologist. Young people, especially female graduate students, are confused by the constellation blood type mentioned by the liar. Only a professor-level audience can distinguish.
This is understandable. The logic of psychology is quite special, and both positive and negative can make sense. It takes enough accumulation of life experience to avoid being hit.

The fifth liar PK economists.
During the entire broadcast, the audience stopped talking, and no one at the scene could distinguish a liar from an economist.
During the broadcast, the host received a trans-ocean call, which turned out to be from the President of the United States. He said that he had been watching the show.
The President of the United States warns everyone not to believe the economists' ideas. The United States has many financial crises because of their theories. The president suspects that economists and Wall Street charlatans have teamed up to deceive the world.
This fully shows that people on earth cannot distinguish between liars and economists.

The last one is a liar PK politicians. As soon as the liar saw the politician, he stood up and told the host that he gave up the debate.
The host was surprised and asked why. The liar said: "In the business of deceiving people, we are only amateurs, and they are professional liars. They can easily convince the audience that we are liars!"
No matter how much the host persuaded, the liar refused to come on stage.

At this time, an old man walked up to the liar and whispered to the liar. The liar immediately recovered his energy and returned to the podium, talking freely, and accusing the other politician of being a liar without fear.
The host was even more surprised and hurriedly asked the old man what he said. The old man said: "I just told him a truth: we must look at deception dialectically. Sometimes deception can promote the progress of human society. In history, many liars have successfully transformed themselves into great statesmen."
It turned out that the old man was a philosopher...

Finally, the TV station reported to the leaders as follows:
It appears that the situation is extremely complex, and while it is easy to distinguish liars from experts in some areas, it is difficult in some areas, and the more important the more difficult the distinction.
To make things more complicated, today's liars have become experts through hard study, and many experts can't resist the temptation to start cheating. It is impossible to distinguish who is a liar and who is an expert...