When a group of robbers robbed a bank, they said a wise saying: "Don't move everything, the money belongs to the country, and your life belongs to you!" Everyone lay down without saying a word.
[This is called concept transformation, changing the original fixed way of thinking]

The robber glanced at the cashier who was lying on the table in a large skirt, and said, "Please lie down and be civilized! This is a robbery, not a robbery!"
【This is called insisting on professional ethics, and you should not do it】

After returning from the robbery, one of the new robbers (with a master's degree) said, "Boss, let's quickly count how many we robbed."
The old robber (with a primary school education) said, "Are you stupid? How long do you have to count so much money? Don't you know by watching the news tonight?"
[This is called work experience. This year's work experience is more important than academic qualifications]

After the robbers left, the manager said, "Hurry up and report the crime!"
Just as the director was about to leave, the president hurriedly said, "Wait! Add the 20 million we misappropriated privately last time!"
[This is called a crisis plan, turning disadvantage into advantage]

The director said, "It would be great if the robbers came to rob once a month."
【Work is boring, happiness is the most important】

The next day, the TV news network reported that the bank had been robbed of 100 million, but the number of robbers was only 20 million.
The boss scolded: "Damn, I fought my life to get 20 million yuan, and the bank president made 80 million yuan with just a few fingers. It seems that I still have to study these days!"
【Proof that knowledge can be converted into money】

After seeing the news broadcast, the president of the bank was excited and said to the director: "Damn, you can do it, you are fat enough..."
The director smiled without saying a word, as if unloading the burden, he secretly rejoiced: "Damn, finally the hole in which the CNPC stock was bought was filled by the robbers."
[Explanation to seize the opportunity to follow the trend and dare to take risks]