1. I would like to ask the landlord: I fell in love with a girl 6 years younger than me, still in junior high school, will it make a mistake!
Forum Reply: It's really a sin to remove the word "like"!

2. Ask the landlord: I beat up my dog! It didn't tell me about the earthquake, it usually screamed so fiercely, but just now it was sleeping in its nest as if nothing happened.
Forum Reply: Alas! It's not biological after all... [Really swearing without dirty words]

3. I would like to ask the landlord: I met a male netizen today, and the other party kept hinting that he wanted to go to bed. I wanted to ask: Do netizens meet now just to go to bed?
Forum Reply: Netizens can't go to bed when they meet? What are you kidding, everyone is so busy.

4. I would like to ask the landlord: a student from a powerful family, who has the lowest grades every year, and often fights with others. The teacher is asked to give the students a better final comment. How to write it?
Forum Reply: The student has stable grades and strong hands-on ability.

5. Ask the landlord: Which is more cost-effective to have a dog or a man?
Forum Reply: Even if you can treat a man as a dog, do you dare to treat a dog as a man?

6. Ask the landlord: What should I do if I have amnesia?
Forum Reply: Isn't that cool? I wake up every morning and find that there are different women sleeping beside me.

7. Ask the landlord: Why do the children born have the same surname as the father?
Forum Reply: Because the money spit out from the ATM belongs to the person who inserted the card.

8. Ask the landlord: Shuai has a fart, and in the end, he was not eaten by the pawns.
Forum Reply: Handsome is accompanied by a gentleman, a cannonball, a horse to ride, a car to ride... Why is it bad to be handsome? !

9. Ask the landlord: Is it not hot for you women to wear bras in summer?
Forum Reply: We will be hotter without you....

10. Ask the landlord: I bought a new manor, how big it is to scare you to death - it took me two and a half hours to drive around!
Forum Reply: Hmm! I used to have such a broken car.