Abo's foot was twisted. When the daughter-in-law heard about it, she called Abo to see a doctor.
Abo saw the doctor, and the nurse gave a packet of medicine and said, "The medicine is effective for 12 hours."
Abo got the medicine and sat at the door...
After 4.5 hours, the daughter-in-law found something was wrong, so she rushed to the hospital and saw her father-in-law there. "Ha, ha, ha, ha, keep laughing"
Just ask what is your father-in-law doing? Abo replied angrily: "Screaming, the doctor said it takes 12 hours to laugh, but I only laughed for 4 hours!"

It is said that after the nurse gave the medicine, she casually said, "Take three capsules."
When the old man returned home, he rummaged through the box and found it in the cabinet. Seeing this, the daughter-in-law asked what the father-in-law was looking for?
The old man said, "Looking for medicine, the nurse asked me to take 130 capsules."

Two days later, the old man returned to the doctor. This time, the doctor did not prescribe any medicine, but only said, "Drink more water."
As soon as the old man got home, he lay on the bed and didn't move.
When the daughter-in-law saw that something was wrong, she stepped forward to ask.
I saw my father-in-law say, "The doctor wants me to drink more water (good luck)."

Arbor was accidentally hit by a car when returning home from the election banquet and was sent to a nearby hospital.
The nurse saw that he was a little confused, so she helped him fill in the medical records. After knowing that Abo's surname was Lin,
So I asked him, "Abo, what are you doing?" (Taiwanese)
Abo replied: "I drink two cans of 袐lu ㄋㄧㄚˊ." (Taiwanese)
Nurse: "No! I'm asking what's your name?" (Taiwanese)
Abo replied: "My name is kelp with marinated egg!" (Taiwanese)
Nurse:! @#$%^&*

Couldn't figure out why, so the nurse took Arbor to take an X-ray.
The nurse said, "Abo, come over here." (Taiwanese)
Abo said: "You lied to me, I don't understand, how can anyone hit their chest and want to lie down?" (Taiwanese)

I finally told Abo when he was lying on the X-ray machine ready to take a picture,
The nurse said, "Abo! I will take a picture (run) when I count to 3!! (Taiwanese) 1...2...3"
I saw Abo running desperately outside the X-ray room...