When a man has nothing to do but his pension, he is especially desperate to protect the pension...

The government has no money, and some teachers have to retire, but they cannot get their money back. Of course, in the hearts of many teachers, it is a good thing to sacrifice for education, as long as it is not for him to sacrifice.

Kill a person's parents and he will forget; take away a person's money and he will hate you to the end.
When a person has nothing but pensions to do, he is especially desperate to protect pensions.
Therefore, I am in favor of retiring teachers who are struggling to retire at any cost, otherwise there will be a new situation in the education reform.

Ten minutes after the class bell rang, the teacher slowly walked into the classroom and said to the students, "Everyone, be quiet, we will start with math in this class. Listen carefully, if the teacher has a million-dollar pension, the government will cancel the 18% preferential interest rate. , How much money does the government take in a year?"

"Eighteen thousand."

"That's right, a Panlong vase is 6,000 yuan. How many Panlong vases can you buy for 180,000 yuan?"

"Thirty."

"Teacher, the answer should be zero." Tang Yibei stood up and said.

"why?"

"Because I can't buy it."

"Correct answer, next question. A teacher receives 64,000 yuan a month and 72,000 yuan a month after retirement. If the government doesn't allow him to retire, how much money will he be robbed by the government every month?"

A child raised his hand, stood up and said, "Eight thousand yuan."

"That's right. If the teacher applies for retirement and the government delays the answer for a year, how much money will the teacher be defrauded by the government?"

"Ninety-six thousand dollars," said the child.

"That's right. But the calculation process is more important than the answer. Huang Xiaocun, how did you calculate?"

"Eight thousand plus eight thousand equals sixteen, sixteen plus eight thousand equals twenty-four, twenty-four plus eight thousand equals thirty-two, thirty-two plus eight thousand equals..."

"Stop, how long does it take for the teacher to retire? I'll teach you a quick way. You should multiply eight thousand by twelve, eighty-two six, and leave six and add one. Eighty-one is eight. Nine, so it's ninety-six thousand dollars."

"Teacher, I have a quicker method. Divide twelve into ten and two. Eight thousand plus a zero is eighty thousand, and eighty thousand plus sixteen is equal to ninety-six."

"Shi Xiaoying, you are so good, you can be a teacher, let the teacher retire!"

All the children in the class were like sealed wine bottles, not daring to breathe at all.

"Okay, now for physics. What kind of wine is the loudest when you uncork?"

"Champagne."

"Yes, why?"

"Because there is air in it."

"Yes, when the cork is about to leave the bottle, the more gas in the bottle, the more explosive it is. Got it?"

"Understand."

"Very good, let's study Chinese now. Today I'm going to learn couplets, I'll write the top couplets, and you guys are going to the bottom couplets, and they have to rhyme. Listen, the title is: money can make ghosts run the mill."

"If you don't have money, don't think about retiring early."

"Okay, next question: People who grow up in hardship have the best ideals."

"People who retire in recession have the happiest hope."

"Very good, come again. You are ugly, don't blame your parents."

"If your life is hard, go and scold the government."

"Yes, come to the society now. If the government doesn't let you retire, it's useless to scold the government, what should you do?"

"On the street."

"Which street is the most useful?"

"Catagland Avenue."

"When is it most useful to be on the street?"

"It's most useful when it's closer to the election."

"What if it's useless to go to the street?"

"strike."

"Does everyone have the right to strike?"

"No, soldiers, civil servants, teachers cannot strike."

"Why can't teachers strike?"

"..." No one said a word.

"Note, today's homework is: Everyone write an e-mail to ask the president why teachers can't strike? Okay, class."

"Tell the teacher, the bell for the end of class hasn't rang yet."

"I ask you, what should I do if the lotus flower doesn't open?"

"do not know."

"If the lotus doesn't bloom, wait for it to bloom, if the moon is not round, wait for it to be round. If the old thief does not die, wait for him to die. What if the bell does not ring?"

"Wait for it to ring," the whole class answered together.