Little Rabbit said, "My mother calls me Little Rabbit, it sounds nice!"
The kitten said, "My mother calls me Kitten Cat, and it sounds nice!"
The puppy said, "My mother calls me a puppy, and it sounds nice!"
The chick said, "You talk, I'll go first!"
The little rabbit said, "I was raised by a rabbit girl!"
The kitten said, "I'm a cat girl!"
The chick said, "I was raised by a chicken girl!"
The puppy said, "You talk, I'll go first!"

The cat said to me, "I'm your grandma's cat, that sounds great!"
The dog said to me, "I'm your grandma's dog, and it sounds good!"
The fish said to me, "I'm your grandma's fish, and it sounds great too!"
The bear said, "You talk, I'll go first!"

The rogue said, "People call me a ronin, that's nice!"
The samurai said, "People call me a samurai, and it sounds good!"
The master said: "People call me a master, and it sounds good!"
The swordsman said, "You talk, I'll go first!"

Lin Zhiying said: "My fans who adore me all say: My idol is called Ying"
Andy Lau said: "My fans who adore me all say: My idol is called Hua"
Jacky Cheung said: "The fans who worship me all say: My idol is called You"
Chen Xiaochun said, "You guys talk, I'll go first!"

The advanced mathematics teacher said: I am teaching advanced mathematics this semester,
University physics teacher said: This semester I teach big things,
The teacher of information management said: This semester I teach asset management,
The social and economic teacher said: You talk, I will go first.

Peking University said: I am from Peking University.
Tianjin University said: I am big.
Shanghai University said: I am a university student.
Diaomen University said: You talk, I'll go first!

General Li Zongren said: I am a man of benevolence!
General Fu Zuoyi said: I am righteous!
General Yu Dawei said: I have Wei!
General Huo Qubing said: You talk, I'll go first!

The door of Lao Zhang's house is made of logs. Lao Zhang said: "My door is a wooden door.
The door of Lao Li's house is made of plastic. Lao Li said: "My door is a plastic door.
The door of Lao Wang's house is made of stone. Lao Wang said: "My door is a stone door.
The door of Lao Liu's house is made of steel. Lao Liu said, "You talk, I'll go first!"

The white jade said: My name is Baiyu.
Bi-colored jade said: My name is Jasper.
Yellow jade said: My name is Topaz.
Apricot said: You talk, I'll go first!

The students of the Teachers College said: I am from the Teachers College
Vocational college students said: I am from the "vocational college"
The students of the Air Academy said: I am from the "Air Academy"
The students of the technical college said: You talk, I will go first!