One day, a real estate agent went on a business trip to the south, checked into a hotel, had nothing to do, and called a dust girl.
The two parties negotiated a deal of 8,000 yuan. After a while, they both fell asleep.

The next day, when the girl woke up and found that the broker had disappeared, she suddenly remembered that she hadn't received the money yet.
She was anxious and angry, so she had to rummage through the boxes to see if she could find any clues.
Huangtian paid the hard work, she finally found a note book under the bed that the agent had lost in the hotel, and it happened to have the agent's phone number on it.
Without saying a word, the girl immediately called the agent angrily that night, ready to seek justice.

The call was connected, and it was the agent who answered the call: "Hey, who are you looking for?"
Woman: "Who should I look for? You are so unprofessional that you ran away without paying. Why, your company didn't teach you that you have to pay after using the product?"

The agent immediately defended: "Miss, don't be angry, listen to me first, I have three reasons for not paying.
First of all, as soon as I entered the house, I felt that the house was too old, too many people lived in it, it was an old house, and it was not worth the price.
Second, I later found out that the house was too big, and my furniture was placed in it, which seemed out of place and unsuitable.
The third point is even worse. I found that there is no water in it. Water is a major livelihood plan. How can we live without water, right?
For these three reasons, so I don't think it's necessary to pay for this. "

As soon as she heard it, Feng Chen immediately retorted: "The first point, many people have lived there, why, because the house is so good,...the house is so good, so many people have lived there.
The second point is that the house is too big, it is not the problem of the house at all, it is because the furniture is too small how can you blame the house for being too big.
The third point is that there is no water in the room. That is not the problem of the house. It is the problem of the motor. The motor is not running powerful enough, and the pumping is not fast enough. Of course, there is no water. This should be the fault of the motor.
Your reasons are not valid at all, you still have to pay. "