How do students answer when their dad is caught watching porn?

The most dishy answer: Dad, I'm sorry, it's my fault, I won't dare next time...
The most flattering answer: Dad, I just want to call you, my mother is not here, come and study it together.
The most direct answer: I haven't watched it for a long time, let's have a good time today~!
The best answer to learn: Today, the teacher taught the chapter of 'reproductive system' in the physiology and hygiene class.
The most reliable answer: I heard that the quality of the yellow disc is relatively poor, so I used it to test the reading ability of the DVD I just bought.
The most innocent answer: I just went to buy a plate of "Crazy English", but somehow, this thing came out!
The most casual answer: Exercise is everywhere!
The most shameful answer: when I was eating ramen at night, the boss said that I had no money to find it, so he gave me a plate, saying that it was a blockbuster imported from the United States...
The most straightforward answer: I always have to do this anyway, so let's see it in advance...
The most modern answer: After joining the WTO, it is time to integrate with the world. Let’s learn the advanced methods of the Western powers! ^_^
The most NB answer: Dad, you really haven't seen the world, is this a pornographic disc? Someday I'll bring a few authentic ones to show you!
The most ridiculous answer: the sun is too heavy recently, release it!
The most ignorant answer: Dad, do you and my mother still use this method?
The most conspicuous answer: This is a Valentine's Day gift from my girlfriend. I want to take a closer look. We will rehearse tomorrow!
The most slick answer: The teacher asked us to write a "Thinking After Seeing the Yellow Disc", and I can write it right away.
The most merciful answer: I saw that the owner of the disc was so pitiful, he bought 5 discs out of sympathy!
The smartest answer: give a reason not to let me see it first!
The most wonderful answer: It turns out that making love can be like this!
The most advertised answer: everyone on earth sees this.....
The most cunning answer: Dad, is this disc yours? How to put it in my CD-ROM!
The strongest man's answer: I finally saw the yellow disc, doesn't it seem so enjoyable? !
The most boring answer: I heard that the yellow dish is good for colds, and it really works!
The most philosophical answer: this is art!
The most annoying answer: Come on, the computer is poisoned!
The laziest answer: Dad, did you get the popcorn and Coke back?